### Post-doc plan

##### Claire Duvallet - Nov 20, 2018

My proposal: I postdoc for you remotely until April, finishing up reviews and writing the underworlds variability paper. I go on at least one sampling trip (to Malaysia), and I attend the Center workshop on data analysis. In April, we decide whether I continue to postdoc for you in Boston and/or Singapore, or if I do something else. Something else could mean just taking the summer off, working for the Global Microbiome Conservancy, ramping up my involvement with Biobot, or another option that has come up in the meantime. Right now, I'm leaning towards just taking the summer off until I start with Biobot.

**January**: graduate, finish up my PhD, figure out logistics for next steps  

> **Update**: I am going to put myself on the June degree list so that MIT pays for my health insurance until August 31. Regardless of that, you'll stop paying my tuition as soon as I turn in my thesis.

**February-April**: travel around the US, working 2-3 days per week (plus Malaysia trip, likely in March)

- write the multi-omics variability Underworlds paper
- reviews for donor selection paper
- reviews for aspiration paper
- Malaysia trip, maybe others
- come back to NYC for the Center workshop

> **Question**: what's the most reasonable employment set up? I will be a full-time postdoc during sampling trip(s), but probably more like 50% time while I'm traveling. One option I'm fine with is if you pay me the same salary as I get as a grad student, but happy to discuss others.

**May-August**: multiple options, TBD

- continue traveling, not postdoc'ing (option A right now)
- start ramping up Biobot involvement (option B)
    - prepare data organization and information flow processes
    - develop automated reports and visualizations for cities
    - start working on their international projects
- postdoc in Singapore
    - work on global library data analysis projects
    - maybe help with Nepal data analysis
    - sampling trips for global project
    - _main deliverable: papers_
- full-time "GSO" for Global Microbiome Conservancy
    - investigate and develop new models for capacity building in computational biology
    - literature review on best practices for sustained engaged capacity building
    - field trips to host trainings and workshops
    - _main deliverable: curriculum and training materials_

**August**: decide on Biobot or Global Microbiome-related position (or something else that's even more awesome that's come up in the meantime)
